[Episode 2: Birth of Bernard]
Dad, I want to go up there.
Help me up. Help me up.
That's too high for you, Bom.
No, no. I'm going to go up there.
Help me up there.
Fine, but only once.
Yeah!
Dad is sick now,
so it's hard to hold you, Bom.
[Congratulations on your birthday.
Here is a coupon for your birthday.]
[Customer Kim Bom]
[30 percent off on your birthday.]
[Mom]
Hello.
Since when do you pick up your phone?
Why did you call?
You're going to receive
a package today, so stay home.
What package?
I packed up all your stuff
here and sent it.
I told you to take it ages ago.
But I know you don't like
it when I come by.
Can't you come when
the family isn't here?
Anyway, I sent it all
so just be there.
Whether it's Seoul or here...
all the girls in Korea
look the same from behind.
Long hair, school uniform,
and short skirts.
They even look similar
from the side and the front.
They're either looking at their phones,
taking selfies, or gossiping.
Ah, it's the corpse girl.
There is a girl in Korea
who is different from all the others.
Hey! Get up already.
Hey, this isn't the school.
This is the place we passed last night.
Well, she was getting off.
Everyone stayed on and one person
got off, yet you followed the one girl?
She was in a uniform!
Wow, seriously everything you do is...
You were sleeping with your mouth open.
You find your own way then!
I couldn't sleep at all because
Grandma was snoring, okay?
Hey, should we just change
our plans and not go to school?
What's going on? Do you need help?
Ah, my name is Park Ga Ram.
I saw you guys yesterday
during the funeral rites.
Oh, you were there.
Yes, it was Min Suk's grandmother's
funeral. He's in our class.
Everyone was there.
I heard you two are staying
with Grandma Duk Boon.
My father works at the hospice.
So?
Aren't you on your way to school?
Yes, Gaon High School.
Then, what are you doing here?
It's a pretty long walk.
I can give one of you a ride.
Ah... give Shi Young a ride.
- I'll run there.
- You...
I'll run.
Fine, you do that.
Will you be okay?
Hurry up and go.
Hey, Lee Shi Kyung!
Where are you going?
For me, school is a place
I can start attending tomorrow.
As usual...
Yes, this is it.
It wouldn't be Korea
without an internet cafe.
Where is it?
Excuse me, young man.
Do you live in this neighborhood?
No.
I mean... yes.
It's complicated.
Sorry to ask you since we've just met,
but can I ask you a favor?
A favor?
You know that hospice?
Can you deliver it to this patient?
You can go yourself, or send
her a message on the phone.
She won't respond to any of my messages.
She refuses to meet me and
won't let me near her room.
She's a patient with big eyes
and a pretty smile.
Please do me this favor.
Where's the internet cafe?
Put that down.
Hey, don't do it.
Give it to me.
- You can't.
- Hey, seriously.
Hey, give it back.
Are you really going to be like this?
Attention, everyone.
We have two students transferring
into our class from Seoul.
Wow! Seoul.
Goodness, don't act like
such small-town people.
Be quiet, now.
Lee Shi Young.
That's it?
They are your new classmates.
You should say a few words.
My name is Lee Shi Young.
This is my first time transferring.
I won't say fake things like,
"Let's all get along."
We'll get used to each other over time.
Oh, don't ask me for my phone number.
I don't have a phone.
She's a great speaker.
She has charisma.
Shi Young doesn't have a phone.
She says she has no phone.
Let's all get along.
Okay.
Shi Young, you can sit beside Ji Ae.
Why isn't the other
transfer student here?
Is 3rd and 4th period
the death experience?
Yes.
We should all go together.
Shi Young, why don't you go
take your funeral portrait now?
What?
What is the death experience?
Oh, that.
It's just like it sounds. You experience
death by lying in a coffin.
You want me to die
as soon as I transfer here?
It's a character program. It's unique.
It only exists at this school.
Why do you do things like that?
It's weird at first.
When you keep dying,
suddenly something comes to you.
What comes to you?
Something does come.
You'll feel it later.
You'll get used to it soon.
The atmosphere here is
"to die for" and unique.
I don't want to get used to it.
Do you know where to go
for your funeral portrait?
I'll take you there.
Ah... I'm hungry.
I don't know how many years it has been.
Places like this don't change much.
It may seem like it hasn't,
but it has changed.
There's even a hospice now.
There must be a job
as a nurse at the hospice.
You probably need a license.
You want me to do a job like that?
There's nothing for you to do here.
You graduated with an art degree
and have a license in art therapy.
That doesn't help at all.
It has never helped me out.
What about you?
Get a contract position as a lecturer.
I wish I could too.
Don't say any more about that.
This looks so good.
Get out.
- Mom!
- Get out.
Shi Kyung, what are you doing here?
Why are you not in school?
You're going to the
internet cafe, aren't you?
No, it's not that.
Ah, I had some mail from Seoul.
I was on my way to school just now.
My bag... I'll go get my bag.
Hey, you better come back out right away.
Seriously, that kid.
I'm so damn unlucky.
I'm going to school right now, okay?
Why are you here though?
You left with Shi Young.
It's your first day.
You should be at school now.
Why are you at an internet cafe? Why?
Well, to play games...
Nice answer you have there.
Nice answer!
- Really?
- That hurts.
I have to go to school.
Are you going to do this here too?
Are you not going
to get your act together?
Sis, just send him to school for now.
Right, Aunt?
How do I get to school?
Are you going to school?
It sounds like you need to get to school.
I can give you a ride.
Who are you?
Thank you. I'll go.
Hey!
I'm the vice-principal
of Gaon High School.
I stepped out and was on
my way back to school.
Please don't worry.
That student was at an internet cafe
and is on his way back to school.
We can head back together.
Ah... yes.
Yes, let's meet again soon.
Okay.
Gosh, that kid.
I don't think I've seen you
at school before.
Yes, I just transferred.
Oh, the siblings from Seoul.
How did you know that?
There are only two classes per grade.
I can't help but know the students.
You're curious about who I am, right?
I'm not going to tell you.
I'm not curious.
I never asked you.
This place is very different
from Seoul, isn't it?
What do you think?
I don't know.
Well...
Oh, I saw a funeral procession.
Yesterday, they had a funeral procession
for Min Suk's grandmother.
- Was that your first time seeing one?
- Yes.
The neighborhood seems a little strange.
A funeral procession,
hospice, and even coffins.
You're right. This place...
is "to die for."
- Excuse me?
- You'll understand once you live here
just how much this place is "to die for."
The juniors should be in the
death experience class now.
You better go to the hospice.
Death experience?
What is that?
Lying inside... a coffin.
A coffin?
"Dad."
"Life is like looking down
from the skies."
"It's like a breeze that looks
upon a still sleep."
"Goodbye."
"My dad, whom I long for
again and again."
Just like this poem,
think of someone you long for.
Call out to that person in your heart.
Parents.
Friends.
- Grandma.
- Lastly...
someone you wish to see
just one more time.
Say goodbye to those people
for the last time.
What was your life like?
Let them hear about it.
Dad.
My life... my life was...
It is time to go now.
The coffin will be closed.
While in the coffin,
think about your tombstone inscription.
Ponder that.
Min Suk, you cried.
Yes, I was thinking about my grandmother.
Why do I feel so comfortable
and good inside a coffin?
Coffins must suit me.
We're supposed to gather
in front of the hospice now.
How was it? It was strange, right?
It was really weird, at first.
In the middle of it,
something came to me like you said.
I was a little moved.
It was when the teacher said
"to think of someone I long for."
Still, it was weird.
Is there anything else like this here?
Hm, tombstone inscription, volunteering
at the hospice, and that's it.
What's with all of that? So dark.
Why isn't your older brother here?
Did he get lost or something?
Lee Shi Kyung? He isn't coming.
Don't worry about him.
Maybe he went to school.
School? Lee Shi Kyung?
There's a death experience room
on the second floor.
- You can go there.
- Okay.
They only do this class once
in junior year.
You should go even if you're late.
Gosh, I have already experienced
enough time in a coffin.
Who are you though, Lady?
Lady?
I'm the vice-principal.
Don't skip classes too often.
[Gaon Hospice]
The letter! Oh no.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
Hold on.
Sorry, sorry.
What happened to it?
Where is it?
Who threw it out?
You're that student from last time.
What are you doing here?
- Are you okay now?
- Yes.
Is there a patient named Lee Myung...
Lee Myung Joo?
She has big eyes.
She just passed away a while ago.
- Why?
- She passed away?
She's a lady with big eyes
and a pretty smile.
- Is that her?
- Yes.
How do you know Lee Myung Joo anyway?
If only I had delivered
the letter right away...
Oh, this is the other transfer student.
Lee Shi Kyung?
What are doing here?
Ah, are you here to do
the death experience?
Attention, I told you there was another
transfer student, Lee Shi Kyung.
- Hi.
- Hello.
Are you two siblings?
No, I don't know him.
Oh, really?
Well, you've all met now.
Let's go back to school.
You all hate being late for lunch.
- Yeah!
- I'm so hungry.
- Hurry, hurry.
- What's for lunch?
I'm so hungry!
Will you help me?
This is Lee Myung Joo's mortuary.
There's almost no one here.
Why do you need to be here?
I thought I should, at least, do this.
"Right now... I feel as if I am
pouring out all the blood in my body"
"as I write this letter to you."
"I am sorry to use a phrase
like this with you since you're ill."
"But, I truly feel like I am
pouring out everything I have in me."
"Do you remember that film
we saw together?"
"A dead person met a live person."
"A daughter aged faster than her father."
"Time and space, life and death..."
"There is a different world
than the one we know."
"That is what I believe."
"So, even if you leave this world"
"I have decided to believe
you are not truly gone."
"So, do not say we do not have much time
left and shouldn't be together."
"I... will marry you."
"You don't have much time left,
and you foolishly use it to avoid me."
"That is not the best thing for us."
"Let's get married."
"Let's do it right away."
"That is the only way."
What?
What? That wasn't her?
Lee Myung Joo is married
and even has children.
Then, what is this letter about?
I think I know who it is.
There is a patient named Lee Myung Ji.
You got that letter
from a soldier, didn't you?
How did you know?
I remember a soldier came
to see her many times.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
The hospice is a place where you
don't know what will happen tomorrow.
You say to people, see you tomorrow.
When you come the next day,
the patients have often died.
Still, I'm relieved she got the letter
before she passed away.
I guess they'll get married
here in the ward.
Marry in a hospice ward?
Yes, the patient can't leave here.
You never know what can happen.
I think we took too long.
Our homeroom teacher wants
to see you in his office.
Wow, you truly got a taste of this
neighborhood as soon as you got here.
Well, that's all good.
You and Kim Bom
missed the death experience.
You'll have to do it on your own.
- Do I have to do it?
- Yes.
Other things are optional,
but this is mandatory for all juniors.
School rules.
Gosh, I have coffin trauma.
Coffin trauma? I've never heard of that.
It's true.
Okay, well I can't force you.
Let's think about it.
There's an assignment. You have
to come up with a tombstone inscription.
Tombstone inscription?
What is all of this?
You don't even have money.
Why did you buy so much?
I know, right?
But, I have to earn points with Mother.
With your cooking skills?
What?
Is my cooking that bad?
No, I mean the kids and I
have no choice but to eat it.
No choice?
You make your own food starting today.
What "no choice"?
No, I meant that your food
may suit our tastes, but...
I know. My mother-in-law
is famous for being a picky eater.
She's a great cook,
so I guess she's picky too.
Why not cook something she doesn't
know instead of something she cooks well?
Is there something you're good at making?
Ramen?
Forget it.
Let me try first. You never know.
I may win her over, and
she might hand the kitchen over to me.
She might let me manage the household.
My sister must be getting old.
She's in denial of the situation
she's currently in.
Be quiet and help me cook.
Think of it as preparing
a meal for royalty.
I will win with
the thought I put into it.
Yeah, sometimes your food turns out good.
Today could be that day if you're lucky.
Hey, go inside if you
aren't going to help me.
Mother, how is it?
Is the food to your liking?
This is salty.
This lacks flavor.
The taste of the food
is all over the place.
I don't know what kind
of food you like yet.
You didn't know anything
when you married 20 years ago.
There is nothing unusual about my taste.
You've been feeding them food like this.
No wonder the kids are so thin.
What will you put
on your tombstone when you die?
Hey, Lee Shi Kyung.
What kind of rude question
is that to ask your grandmother?
What? It's for my homework.
I have to write my tombstone
inscription and my family's.
It's all right.
In this town, we talk about
people dying as often as we eat.
I'm going to be cremated,
so I don't need a tombstone inscription.
Still, if you were going to have one,
what would it say?
I said I was going to be cremated!
Grandma, why did you say nothing
to Shi Kyung but get mad at me?
- We asked the same thing.
- Stop that.
I told you not to call him Shi Kyung.
Lee Shi Young, get back here!
She has no manners...
just like you.
Mother, when did I ever--
Ah, what is this?
It's so dark out, and there's
nothing to do for fun.
I have to think of
a tombstone inscription.
I can't hear a single thing.
Night time in a rural town
makes me feel like I'm suffocating.
Knock, would you? Knock.
I was so bored that I was
almost happy to see Shi Young.
Must be nice for someone
who has his own room.
Lee Shi Young!
This is just like my life...
this sweet potato.
[I knew if I stayed around long enough,
something like this would happen.]
Why is my tombstone inscription up there?
Did I get caught copying Dad's writing?
Eom Yong Gi?
Tell me what you think of this sentence.
You write very poorly.
Yes, my writing is messy.
But, tell me how you feel
about what's written there.
Being on the run.
Being on the run?
When one can't flee and gets caught,
he might say something like that.
That's a fun interpretation.
So like you, Eom Yong Gi.
Next, Lee Shi Young.
It seems like someone's life.
Explain more.
Sticking around, living life carefree,
and when life ends
I think that's what he would say.
Look at her blatantly insulting me.
Seriously.
Who is this someone?
He probably knows who he is.
He is probably getting
very mad right now.
All right... next.
Park Ga Ram.
I know this one.
Okay, tell me.
It's Bernard Shaw's
tombstone inscription.
Bern... who?
And who is Bernard Shaw?
He was a British writer
who won the Nobel Prize.
He was a voracious writer
until the age of 94.
He enjoyed humor, wit, and satire.
I personally think that his tombstone
inscription is humorous and mischievous.
- Wow!
- Applause.
Just like Ga Ram said, this quote...
is what is inscribed
on writer Bernard Shaw's tombstone.
But, someone in our class used
this for his tombstone inscription.
He submitted it like this.
The fake Bernard Shaw
can submit a new one.
It doesn't need to be unique,
but something honest, okay?
I see Bom is here.
Shi Kyung and Bom,
come to my office after class.
Also, there's a wedding at the hospice.
Anybody who has time, please go help out.
Come see me to sign up to volunteer.
Okay, that's all. Class President?
Attention.
Bow.
Wow! Aren't you Bernard Shaw?
What do you mean?
Really, Dad?
Why didn't you mark it somewhere,
so I would know it was a quote?
You made your son look like a fool.
Bernard, what are you doing?
Get out.
Who told you to keep
coming in without knocking?
Bernard, what happened in the office
with that girl, Kim Bom?
She didn't come.
She comes to school when she wants.
She attends things
only when she wants to.
What is she up to?
- What?
- Do you have any right to say that?
What? It was a joke. I'm not that bad--
Kim Bom transferred here also.
Apparently, she's very weird.
Really?
Bernard, the kids are going to buy
some things for the wedding tomorrow.
- Are you going?
- Why would I go?
Since it's Saturday,
I'm going to go play some games...
I heard you were
the matchmaker, Bernard.
Stop saying Bernard, Bernard!
Also, it wasn't like that.
I just ran an errand for someone.
Right?
Bernard would never do
something that thoughtful.
Get out! Just get out.
Bernard, I still have more to say.
Get out. Stop calling me Bernard!
Gosh.
What?
Hey... why are the lights on?
My goodness.
Oh my goodness.
Oh, why aren't you sleeping?
I thought my heart was going to stop.
I can't sleep.
You have the lights on, and you're
wearing a mask, so how could you sleep?
I turned on the lights and put this on
because I couldn't sleep.
You have to turn off the lights
in order to sleep.
Turn off the lights now,
and put that mask away.
Grandma, can't you stop snoring?
Snoring? Who?
Me?
Do you think I'm the one snoring?
You've got the wrong person.
I don't snore.
What the heck.
"What the heck"?
What kind of rude comment is that?
Why is that rude?
What is it then? Isn't it a curse word?
It's not a curse word.
Then, what is it?
It's just a saying.
What else could it be?
My goodness. Just a saying, yeah right.
Do you think I enjoy it?
Grandma, you're making
me say "what the heck."
I've never done that.
Hurry up, and turn off the lights.
I don't want to.
You'll start snoring again if I do.
Then... keep the light on all night.
You can keep the mask on all night
and say "what the heck" all you want.
My gosh.
What the heck.
You were still sleeping?
It's Saturday.
You must have nothing to do at night.
I heard you don't have a computer.
Sleeping late is a habit,
so I can't fall asleep.
You're going to the market today, right?
I want to go too.
I want to see it.
Sure. What about you, Shi Kyung?
Me?
Why don't you come, Bernard?
I'll come. I will.
I told you to stop that.
- I'll be right back.
- Oh yeah.
Do you have a suit?
Why do I need a suit?
Does that make sense?
Why would I walk the bride
down the aisle?
The bride doesn't have parents
or any siblings.
She's getting married
thanks to Lee Shi Kyung.
Isn't that why?
Yes.
A lot of things that don't make sense
happen in the hospice.
It's not like I'm her family.
I would do it happily if I were you.
You don't know when she may die.
It might be hard for you
to get a suit. You're very tall.
Isn't one of Dad's suits at home?
He was tall too.
You actually remember that?
You don't remember?
I suppose that's how Bernard would be.
I told you to stop that.
- Let go.
- Let go now.
- You let go first.
- Let go now!
- Let go.
You let me go first!
Let go!
They must have pounded
the laundry with this, right?
I need to start working.
There are no jobs, are there?
What about you? Aren't you going to work?
Then just go back home to Jeju Island.
No, I can't do that.
Mom will try to set me up with men.
Just wait a little bit.
I'll find a contract position.
Hey, we have other sisters.
Why are you living off me?
I'm most comfortable with you.
Comfortable? You mean I'm a pushover.
That's not true.
Mom.
This is Dad's suit, right?
Where did you find that?
I think he wore this long ago.
It was in Grandma's closet.
It would fit Shi Kyung, wouldn't it?
Shi Kyung needs a suit? Why?
You haven't heard yet?
For the first time in his life,
Shi Kyung is the star of a moving story.
What are you talking about?
Isn't that Shi Yoon's suit?
Why did you take that out?
I need to use it for something.
Why? Can I use it?
What are you going to do with it?
Are you going to trash it?
No, Shi Kyung's going to wear it.
Shi Kyung's going to wear a suit?
Would that fit him?
It needs to be ironed.
Hey, I need to speak with you.
What are you planning to do?
Pardon? About what?
If you spend all day at home...
will money grow from the ground
or drop down from the sky?
I am looking for a job,
but nothing is suitable.
You haven't suffered enough yet.
Are you in a position to be choosy?
Still, there are jobs I would be
good at and jobs I would be bad at.
Is this the time for you
to be picky about jobs?
Go to the hospice and help out there.
Now, I've seen everything.
You're wearing a suit.
I know.
Let me see.
What is it? Is it strange?
No.
Your dad's suit fits you perfectly,
although it is a bit old-fashioned.
Why does that matter?
I'm only going to wear it once.
Why did you bother coming here anyway?
Do you have business here?
No, it's not that.
Are you all ready?
Wow.
- Should I go now?
- Yes.
Go get the bride
and come out to the lobby.
I heard there's a congratulatory song.
Who's singing it?
My aunt is a good singer.
The groom prepared something.
An art therapist?
Ah... that's not something
we need right now.
Do you happen to have
a license as a hospice nurse?
No.
We need nurses, people
to clean, cook, and do laundry.
This place is so far out
that people don't want to come here.
Then... is cleaning and laundry
something that I could do right away?
Yes.
But, that's not something
just anyone can do either.
The work here can get very busy.
It's difficult for everyone
if one person struggles.
I see.
Lee Myung Ji is having an emergency.
Okay.
She passed out right after the wedding.
I was really worried about her.
Yeah, I was shocked too.
Thankfully, she isn't in danger now.
She should be okay, right?
She has to be.
They love each other so much.
By the way, your brother...
What brother?
I heard that Shi Kyung
is your older brother.
- He said that?
- No, Ga Ram told me.
What about it?
He looked really handsome in there.
When he pushed the bride's wheelchair in,
he was like totally awesome...
You will really regret
saying that later on.
Regret it? Why?
Just wait a little while.
You'll see Bernard's true nature soon.
- Huh?
- What was that?
That was Bom, right?
How unusual to see her at the hospice.
Why is she here?
What a relief.
She's no longer in danger.
Is she really okay?
You never know at the hospice.
She just got married.
She has to live a long time.
Oh yeah.
Why don't you do
the death experience now?
Do I have to do that?
What happens if I don't?
Well, I don't really know.
No one has ever held out and refused.
Honestly...
I never had coffin trauma.
I simply might have been
too lazy to do all of this.
Finding meaning in something like this.
I'll close the coffin.
Just rest comfortably.
Don't force yourself to think
about your tombstone inscription.
Lee Shi Kyung.
Just listen.
Just now...
Lee Myung Ji passed away.
She wanted you to know
that she was thankful.
I really hate this kind of thing.
What am I doing?
So, what?
What changes if I lie in this coffin and
think about my tombstone inscription?
I just want to go to school
and sleep during class.
I want to play games at internet cafes.
I just want to live like that.
Why do I have lie down here?
Why do I have to hear about the
death of a bride who just got married?
She was so happy to receive that letter.
Why do I have to hear about her death!
You're so loud, seriously!
Kim Bom.
You made me forget the
tombstone inscription I thought up.
Ah, the thing is...
You can do my assignment too.
Hot tears.
Warm hand.
Someone with a bright smile...
is now gone from this world.
Still, the morning came as always.
As for me,
who was still alive...
I opened my eyes
to the aroma of soybean stew.
Lee Shi Kyung, wake up and come eat.
Today's soybean stew
is special, so enjoy it.
Soybean stew is soybean stew.
Awesome!
Totally awesome.
You made this, Mom?
No, your grandma made it.
No wonder.
Shi Kyung, you try it too.
Shi Kyung doesn't like soybean stew.
Just try one spoonful.
This is no average soybean stew.
Okay.
Wow.
How can soybean stew taste like this?
- This is art.
- Right?
What was that soybean stew
Mom had been making for us?
I was alive and my appetite was too.
You look like you're enjoying it.
Seeing how well you eat,
my grandson will live well.
You sure know good food.
Here you go. Eat up.
No matter how much of this you eat,
you won't get tired of it.
Mom, Lee Shi Kyung went
to an internet cafe yesterday.
Again?
- Lee Shi Kyung, you--
- That's enough.
One doesn't even bother
a dog when it is eating.
Eat up, nice and full.
Mother, did you give Shi Kyung money?
What do you mean?
It's just that he wouldn't have
money for internet cafes.
Internet cafes or whatever,
I told you to stop while he's eating.
This won't do.
Lee Shi Kyung, you are not
getting an allowance starting today.
- Mom!
- Mother.
You cannot give Shi Kyung
money in the future.
Why do I have to listen to you?
Mother, he's going to be
in trouble, at this rate.
You're in bigger trouble, in my opinion.
Why can't you trust your own child?
He's Shi Yoon's son.
I'm sure he can take care of himself.
Leave him alone!
Mother!
Oh, Grandma.
You couldn't trust your husband,
and you harassed him.
I worry about him
because he's Lee Shi Yoon's son.
What did you say? You--
Forget it. That's enough this morning.
I can breathe because
I have two nostrils.
Breathe.
You said one doesn't even
bother a dog when it's eating.
What?
As for me, who is still alive...
I really need money to go
to the internet cafe today.
How can there not even be any coins?
What's with her?
She has a different face
every time I see her.
She's doing something strange
Look at her now.
She's making me do her homework.
Where is she going all alone?
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Andante]
Bernard took money from Ga Ram?
No way.
Did Lee Shi Kyung transfer here
because he bullied someone?
Who said that?
There's this patient,
and he keeps staring at me.
Did you want to challenge me to a fight?
We should get part-time jobs.
The pay is really good.
This person suffered a lot
both physically and emotionally.
His son committed suicide
because of school violence.
Who are you?
Kim Bom?